[Terra-Form-Select] Fix for Form Single Select Voice Over Reader Issue. (#3855)
cerner/terra-core: packages/terra-form-select/CHANGELOG.md

* Changed
  * Minor dependency version bump.
  * Fixed for broken cyclic navigation in `terra-form-single-select`.

>   * Fixed VoiceOver reading as radio button in `terra-form-single-select`.

Author: Added in the correct section.

## 6.46.1 - (September 19, 2023)

* Fixed

>   * Fixed for broken cyclic navigation in `terra-form-single-select`.
>   * Fixed VoiceOver reading as radio button in `terra-form-single-select`.

Reviewer: We should write these 
```suggestion
  * Fixed bug where cyclic navigation in `terra-form-single-select` was not working.
  * Fixed bug where VoiceOver was reading `terra-form-single-select` as a radio button .
```

Reviewer 2: Updated.
